Add extension overloads for LazyListScope (#34)
zhanghai/ComposePreference: README.md

- [`TwoTargetIconButtonPreference`](preference/src/commonMain/kotlin/TwoTargetIconButtonPreference.kt)
- [`TwoTargetSwitchPreference`](preference/src/commonMain/kotlin/TwoTargetSwitchPreference.kt)

Each type of built-in preference includes 4 kinds of APIs:

1. A `LazyListScope.*Preference` extension function, which is the easiest way to use preferences in this library, and helps developers to avoid boilerplates like having to specify the key twice for the `LazyColumn` and the `Preference`.

> 2. A `LazyListScope.*Preference` extension function, reloads the first one for `value` and `onValueChange` params.

Reviewer: I assume you meant `overloads` instead of `reloads`? Something like `, which is an overload of the first extension function but accepts value and onValueChange`.

Author: Yeah, that's a typo.

Author: Fixed.

> 2. A `LazyListScope.*Preference` extension function, overloads the first one for `value` and `onValueChange` params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A `LazyListScope.*Preference` extension function, which is an overload of the first extension function but accepts `value` and `onValueChange` instead.
```
